Milestone 0:
- Skylar: Discussed project ideas and revised the “Brief Description of the Application” and “Brief Description of the Platform” sections of the report. 
- Thanh: Discussed project ideas and deployment designs, converted the dataset to be SQL-compatible, and helped with the initial setups of the project for the hello-world program.  
- Arjun: Did the initial set-up and wrote the “hello-world” program by connecting a Python-based backend to a dummy MySQL database and ensured SQL queries could be run through the script. 
- Gary: Discussed project ideas and helped with the initial setup and debugging of the hello-world program. 
- Serena: Discussed project ideas and worked on the “Brief Description of the Application” section of the report. 


Milestone 1:
- Skylar: Discussed project ideas and revised the “Brief Description of the Application” and “Brief Description of the Platform” sections of the report. Wrote the majority of the parts of the report for Milestone 1, including drawing the ER diagram, developing the relational data model, and writing up descriptions for the features.
- Thanh: Discussed project ideas and deployment designs, converted the dataset to be SQL-compatible, and helped with the initial setups of the project for the hello-world program. Set up basic feature query, API and frontend for adding progress for books and adding completion rates. Frontend cleanup and improvements.
- Arjun: Did the initial set-up and wrote the “hello-world” program by connecting a Python-based backend to a dummy MySQL database and ensured SQL queries could be run through the script. Set up the communication between the frontend and backend and wrote queries for finding books by title, top books by rating, common books between two users and wrote scripts to auto-generate sample data. Also designed the frontend for finding common books between 2 users. 
- Gary: Discussed project ideas and helped with the initial setup and debugging of the hello-world program. Updated the schema of Books to include genre and labelled them with appropriate genre. Added an endpoint to see the distribution of genres in the book database. Added endpoint to filter by genres. Worked on frontend changes to allow users to filter through genres and see genre count.
- Serena: Discussed project ideas and worked on the “Brief Description of the Application” section of the report. Added endpoint to update users (additional basic feature) and endpoint to retrieve top books across all users’ wishlists (additional basic feature). Worked on the frontend for top books across users’ wishlists.

Milestone 2:
Skylar: Discussed project ideas and revised the “Brief Description of the Application” and “Brief Description of the Platform” sections of the report. Wrote the majority of the parts of the report for Milestones 1 and 2, including drawing the ER diagram, developing the relational data model, and writing up descriptions for the features. Revised the ER diagram, schema and insert statements for the updated tables.
Thanh: Discussed project ideas and deployment designs, converted the dataset to be SQL-compatible, and helped with the initial setups of the project for the hello-world program. Set up basic feature query (logging user progress), API and frontend for adding progress for books and adding fancy feature for completion rates. Frontend cleanup and improvements. Helped fix backend (SQL) queries after Postgres migration. Improved dataset and schema by adding more entries and writing data generation script for book authors.
Arjun: Did the initial set-up and wrote the “hello-world” program by connecting a Python-based backend to a dummy MySQL database and ensured SQL queries could be run through the script. Set up the communication between the frontend and backend and wrote queries for finding books by title, top books by rating, common books between two users and wrote scripts to auto-generate sample data. Also designed the frontend for finding common books between 2 users. 
Performed the migration of the database from MySQL to PostgreSQL on Supabase, and ensured all existing features worked. Created dataset for production by adding more fields and ensured we could query production dataset. Wrote various helper scripts to ease the process of querying from the remote supabase database.
Gary: Discussed project ideas and helped with the initial setup and debugging of the hello-world program. Updated the schema of Books to include genre and labelled them with appropriate genre. Added an endpoint to see the distribution of genres in the book database. Added endpoint to filter by genres. Worked on frontend changes to allow users to filter through genres and see genre count. Suggested and added book clubs table, including data by writing data generation script. Identified backend errors when switching from MySQL to PostgreSQL and helped fix them. 
Serena: Discussed project ideas and worked on the “Brief Description of the Application” section of the report. Added endpoint to update users (extra basic feature) and endpoint to retrieve top books across all users’ wishlists (extra basic feature). Worked on the frontend for top books across users’ wishlists. Updated the schema design and added the SQL queries with sample data.


